# TopTen - EN (🇬🇧)

This repository is a translation for the board game [TopTen](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/300905/top-ten) into English. It is based on the Spanish (🇪🇸) version.

## Requirements

This is not a replacement for the original game (🏴‍☠️), you need a [copy of TopTen](https://www.google.com/search?q=buy+cocktail+games+top+ten) in any language to play. This project only provides the **English translations** of the playing cards.

This digital version will only provide the playing cards translated to English.
Pair this with the original game's instructions booklet and its number cards (1–10) to play.

## Features

The game features:

- **Resume session** (using the browser's localStorage) or **shuffle a new deck**.
- A **Drawn pile** to review already drawn cards
- A draw → view → discard flow that feels slow on purpose. (you can slide down to discard too!)
- A **clear UI** that is hard to get wrong.
- **No tracking! No cookies!**

## How it was made

Step by step approach:
1. Acquire the Spanish version of the game TopTen.
2. Take pictures of all the cards (it's easier to make grids of 3 rows and 6 columns).
3. Organize them nicely, 1_A, 1_B, 2_A, 2_B, etc, where A is the front side, and B is the back side.
4. The method of extracting the cards is described in [this document](./data/original/README.md).
5. The method of translating the cards is described in [this other document](./data/translation/README.md).

## Contributing

If you notice a bad translation, please submit your version! Most of these translations were done with very little supervision, so it is likely for errors or not-so-funny translations to be there.

## History

I tried to buy this game. Turns out that Cocktail Games produced almost all languages, with the exception of Argentine Spanish and English. The Argentine rights were given to [Maldón](https://maldon.com.ar/blog/projects/masomenos/), and the English ones to [Exploding Kittens](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/410382/that-escalated-quickly).

Exploding Kittens made their game, [That Escalated Quickly](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/410382/that-escalated-quickly), but apparently (my assumption, if you know, let me know) it flopped. You can't buy that game anywhere you look (and I looked). Since I still want to play this great game, I decided to do this for myself, and I'm publishing it on the internet in case it is also useful to someone else.

## Disclaimer + Collaborating

The code was generated by AI, directed by me. I used a mixed of Claude Code and Kilo Code with OpenRouter using Kimi K2.6 and MiniMax-M3. These cheaper models work great with more guidance, and since I know what I want, it works great.

If you have an idea to improve the experience of the game, feel free to open a **Issue** or make a **Fork**! Same for translation fixes!